**Around 16,000 suicides**—you heard that right. The NCRB documents thousands of tragedies in India every year tied directly to bankruptcy and indebtedness. Globally, 90% of startups fail, often suffocated by poor inventory management, broken cash flow, and weak pricing strategies.

I know how easy it is to fall into that trap. A year ago, chasing the Gen-Z dream of financial freedom, I started a dropshipping business. I had great products, but the losses quickly piled up. Like most new founders, I was flying blind. I couldn't understand how shifting markets affected my customers or how to dynamically price my inventory to survive. To tackle this so called "unforeseen" problem , we built "NAFO" ( in gujarati it means profit ). It can be also termed asa a "virtual economy playground".  

Imagine an inexperienced shopkeeper in Bangalore. Every morning, they face a chaotic economy of varying inflations and supply chain disruptions. In NAFO, our OpenEnv agent (the AI-CFO) must analyze these shifting macroeconomic parameters and set its daily prices. But it's not just a math game. A "Consumer Council" of  3 LLMs with distinct psychological profiles (Frugal Researcher ,  brand loyalists , etc) acts as different consumers and judges those prices, while a Competitor Agent which acts as a market competition actively tries to undercut them and helps maintain economic equilibrium. 

We trained our AI-CFO (Meta-Llama-3.1-8B)(can be also referred to as Shopkeeper here) across 50 heuristic (and 10 council) practice scenarios in the default training recipe. Overseeing the entire economy was a "Chairman" agent which acts as godfather of the shopkeeper and issues textual critiques whenever the CFO got greedy or panicked. Through this error-driven learning, our AI successfully learned to read the market, anticipate the competitor, and perfectly optimize its profit margins and inventory. NAFO isn't just a simulation—it's a risk-free sandbox using the "Theory Of Mind" to save the next ambitious founder from becoming a statistic. So people can atleast start something of their own with a helping hand !!
